Phase 1 Final Project

Instructions: 
Phase - 1 Project Instructions / Rubric

Create an application that uses the following files: README,  index.html, index.js, style.css, db.json
Needs to be a frontend web application that uses a json-server (through db.json) and accesses a Public API. The server should be able to return a collection of at least 5 objects with each object having at least three attributes

Interactions between the json-server and API should be handled asychonously, and use a clear and readable format

The entire web application should run on one single page (contains a single html file, with no redirects)

Use at least 3 event listeners (3 different types of events) that enable interactivity. Could be clicks, form submits, keydowns etc. each event listener should have a unique callback function, using the JS add.Event.Listener().

The web application needs to implement at least one instance of iterating through an array using any of the following methods (map, forEach, filter). Manipulating the Api data in some way should present an opportunity to implement the array iteration

Keep the code dry by using abstract functions you can re-use and prevent a bunch of un-needed excess code.


What I want from my code:

I want a front end based application that gives you two options: look up a current player or look up a current team. If you look up a current player, it will return a picture of them, small biography, and their current years 22-23 stats. If you look up a team it will return a list of all the players on that team and you can click on any of the players on the roster to view their information. And finally depending on how hard the first section is, I would also like to make a MVP voting section so that you can see which top 5 players are in the voting for MVP and you get the option to submit a vote to one of them. Once you like them, the like button will dissapear from all 5 people since you only get one vote, their vote number will change, and it should stay on the server to if you reload the page it will stay

Algorithmic code idea

Sections: 

HTML
- 

Javascript
- 

CSS
- Style the front end of the site so that the title section has the colors of the nba 
- I'd like each different section of the stats have a slightly different shade of color, so it's more recognizable (ex: points => dark blue, rebounds => blue, assists => light blue);
EX:
- #player-stats.pts {
    background-color: lightblue
    font-family: sans, sarif
    text.inner: bold
}
- #player-stats.rbs {
    background-color: blue
}
- #player-stats.ast {
    background-color: darkblule
}


DB.Json
- keep a record of the players searched, as well as the player that was given the vote for the MVP
EX:
- "players-searched": "Jayson Tatum", "Payton Pritchard", "Brandon Miller", "Jonathan Miller"